How to use the New-ServicePrincipal (#301)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth.md

Once your Azure AD application is consented to by a tenant admin, the tenant admin must register your AAD application's service principal in Exchange via Exchange Online PowerShell. This is enabled by the [`New-ServicePrincipal` cmdlet](/powershell/module/exchange/new-serviceprincipal).

To use the New-ServicePrincipal cmdlet, install the ExchangeOnlineManagement and connect to your tenant as shown in the following snippet.

```text
Install-Module -Name ExchangeOnlineManagement -allowprerelease
Import-module ExchangeOnlineManagement 
Connect-ExchangeOnline -Organization {tenantId}
```

> If after these steps you still get error running the New-ServicePrincipal Cmdlet, it is probably due to the fact that your user does not have enough permission in the Exchange online to perform the operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still get and error running the New-ServicePrincipal Cmdlet after you perform these steps, it is likely due to the fact that the user does'nt have enough permissions in Exchange online to perform the operation. 
```

> If you still get and error running the New-ServicePrincipal Cmdlet after you perform these steps, it is likely due to the fact that the user does'nt have enough permissions in Exchange online to perform the operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still get an error running the New-ServicePrincipal Cmdlet after you perform these steps, it is likely due to the fact that the user does'nt have enough permissions in Exchange online to perform the operation. 
```

The following is an example of registering an Azure AD application's service principal in Exchange:

```text

> New-ServicePrincipal -AppId <APPLICATION_ID> -ServiceId <OBJECT_ID> [-Organization <ORGANIZATION_ID>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New-ServicePrincipal -AppId <APPLICATION_ID> -ServiceId <OBJECT_ID> [-Organization <ORGANIZATION_ID>]
```
```

> New-ServicePrincipal -AppId <APPLICATION_ID> -ServiceId <OBJECT_ID> [-Organization <ORGANIZATION_ID>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New-ServicePrincipal -AppId <APPLICATION_ID> -ServiceId <OBJECT_ID> [-Organization <ORGANIZATION_ID>]
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

Once your Azure AD application is consented to by a tenant admin, the tenant admin must register your AAD application's service principal in Exchange via Exchange Online PowerShell. This is enabled by the [`New-ServicePrincipal` cmdlet](/powershell/module/exchange/new-serviceprincipal).

> To use the New-ServicePrincipal cmdlet you need to have installed the ExchangeOnlineManagement and also connect to your tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the New-ServicePrincipal cmdlet, install the ExchangeOnlineManagement and connect to your tenant as shown in the following snippet.
```

```text
Install-Module -Name ExchangeOnlineManagement -allowprerelease
Import-module ExchangeOnlineManagement 
Connect-ExchangeOnline -Organization {tenantId}
```

If after these steps you still get error running the New-ServicePrincipal Cmdlet, it is probably due to the fact that your user does not have enough permission in the Exchange online to perform the operation. 

The following is an example of registering an Azure AD application's service principal in Exchange:

```text
New-ServicePrincipal -AppId <APPLICATION_ID> -ServiceId <OBJECT_ID> [-Organization <ORGANIZATION_ID>]

> ```text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```
